Many small improvements and ink! `3.0.1` (#103)
Supercolony-net/openbrush-contracts: contracts/README.md

## Overview

`traits` contains definitions of traits(interfaces) for the popular contracts.
Anyone can import the trait and use it to do cross-contract calls without
knowing the implementation of the contract.

> That folder contains the implementation of popular contracts.
> Anyone can re-use the implementation if import the `brush` crate, enable
> feature of the contract, and implement all required traits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This folder contains the implementation of popular contracts.
Anyone can re-use the implementation after importing the `brush` crate, enabling
the desired feature of the contract, and implementing all required traits.
```
